1.What is Data. Where can we find the data. Types of Data with examples?
2.Differences between structure data,semi structure data and unstructured data with examples?
3.What is Data Wrangling.Explain the steps of Data Wrangling?
4.What is outlier. How to detect the outlier with example?
5.Explain Normalization & Standardization,Formatting with an examples?
6.What the different types of pdf libraries and usages,what is pdf parser and need of parsing?
7.Develop the python script to parse the pdf files using pdfminer?
8.Differences between webscrapping,indexing and sitemap?
9.Check duplicates and missing data on child labour?
10.Eliminate mismatches in child labour data?
11.Clean spaces, and special characters in child labor data?
12.Display the pie chart with percentage of special,nonspecial under category of states column data on child labour?
13.Draw the line,bar,pie,histogram,stacked bar,scatteplots,scatter plots with matplotlib?
14.Write a python program to download & display content of robot.txt for en.wikipedia.org.?
15.What are the foundations for building Visualizations?
16.Expalin the steps to create your first visualizations?
17.What is Tableau.What are the main products of Tableau.Explain the Tableau tool?
18.Illustrate the Tableau Architecture?
19.How many types of connections in tableau and explain with an examples?
20.What is Dimension and What is Measure with an examples?
21.Connecting data to tableau, creating basic charts (line, bar charts, tree maps) using the show me panel?
22.Basic Calcualtions in Tableau?
23.Quick table or Table level calculations in Tableau?
24.Applying new data calculations to visualizations
25.formatting tools and menus, formatting specific parts of the view
26.Editing and formatting axes?
27.Manipulating data in tableau data?Data types in tableau?
28.Structuring the data in tableau?
29.Types of Filters in Tableau?
30.pivoting tableau data.
31.Advanced visualizations tools in tableau
32.customising filters and action filters in tableau
33.Creating dashboards,adding interactivity in the dashboard and design for different devices
34.Storytelling and dual axis charts in tableau?
35.Creating custom charts in tableau?
36.Cyclical Data with Heat Map?Explain LOD Caclulations